Symfony Messenger for Internal Background Tasks and Maintenance Jobs. (#10329)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

# Upgrade Notes

> ## 10.1.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 10.2.0
```

> - [Maintenance] Maintenance Commands are now handled with Symfony Messenger. The `pimcore:maintenance` command will trigger the maintenance messages to the bus. You should now also add `bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core pimcore_maintenance` as a Cron Job

Reviewer 2: Is it default behavior? or you should use `--async` option to use Symfony Messenger?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Maintenance] Maintenance tasks are now handled with Symfony Messenger. The `pimcore:maintenance` command will add the maintenance messages to the bus and runs them afterwards immediately from the queue. However it's recommended to setup independent workers that process the queues, by running `bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core pimcore_maintenance` (using e.g. Supervisor) and adding `--async` option to the `pimcore:maintenance` command that stops the maintenance command to process the queue directly. Details about setting it up for production environments, please check [Symfony Messenger Component docs](https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production). 
```
